---
title: "1.4-dev3 + sponsors"
date: 2009-09-24
---
Most of the internal changes planned for version 1.4 have been completed, so it was time to release [a new clean snapshot](download/1.4/src/).

The architecture is now ready to permit keep-alive, SSL or FastCGI developments.

Some more changes are planned but the remaining ones should be a lot easier to perform without breaking everything.

Compared to latest stable 1.3.20 version, 1.4-dev3 provides new features, among which support for the CLF log format, RDP protocol load-balancing and persistence, a new interactive CLI, an improved HTML stats page, support for inspecting HTTP contents in TCP frontends and switching to HTTP backends (allowing HTTP+SSL to coexist on the same port), support for forcing of the TCP MSS on frontends, smart network optimizations to reduce the number of TCP packets in a session, runtime-configurable buffer sizes, support for more than 64k concurrent connections, config parser support for "no option xxx" to disable options that were enabled by default, and correct 1xx status code processing.

Developments to support keep-alive have already started, and if time permits, SSL integration will be attempted.

The code looks amazingly stable for the amount of changes, and will probably not change much anymore, so any bug found in this version must be reported and fixed.

Also, new feature submissions should be based on this version.

It will be easier to implement for submitters and for me to merge.

Several large sites are already running on 1.4-dev2 with great success.

This one should be even better, but given the number of changes, it should be monitored more closely at the beginning.

Last, I have a very good news that I hope will give ideas to others : [Exceliance](http://www.exceliance.fr/) and [Loadbalancer.org](http://www.loadbalancer.org/) have both agreed to contribute some manpower and money to implement the complete persistence framework that everyone is dreaming about into haproxy.

That's a tough work and I'm not certain it will be ready for 1.4 (though it might, depending if I'm as late on my releases as usual).

I would personally like to thank them both for their contributions.

When you have to put your money in commercial solutions, please never forget to consult first the guys who involve time and money in opensource projects, because they are the ones who help the projects evolve and live !
