---
title: "1.4-dev4, 1.3.21"
date: 2009-10-12
---

A lot of changes have occured in only 3 weeks, so it was the right moment to release a new development version. It's worth noting that Krzysztof Oledzki has been very active, contributing no less than 1/3 of all the changes. This is nice because being two to work on the project, we progress faster. Concerning the changes, the stats interface (socket and page) certainly is the most affected area. It is now possible to **reset counters** and to **change a server's weight** without restarting... two features that many of you have been asking for years! The [stats page](http://demo.haproxy.org/) now can also display a node name and description, as well as the **exact status** of a health check. The LB algorithms have now been moved to separate files, and a [**consistent hashing**](http://www.spiteful.com/2008/03/17/programmers-toolbox-part-3-consistent-hashing/) algorithm has been added. It allows hot addition or removal of servers without disturbing the load-balancing, which is desirable for caches. Also, the LB rework brought the opportunity to re-enable the old **static round-robin** algorithm, which can make sense for people who run more than 4000 servers in a single backend (practical limit of the dynamic RR algorithm). Last, some new ACLs have been added, to check for IP addresses in headers, and to check frontend's and backend's connections, queues and per-server average queue size. A few minor bugs were fixed, and those fixes as well as some minor riskless features have been backported into 1.3 to release **1.3.21**.
