---
title: "stable 1.4.7"
date: 2010-06-10
---

Jeff Persch debugged the trouble affecting consistent hashing about two weeks ago. I wanted to issue 1.4.7 right after that fix got merged but I was lucky enough to spot a few minor bugs in the following days, so that finally got delayed. Most of these issues are really minor and were found while reviewing the code in preparation of 1.5-dev. Some stats were not accounted properly (_failed req_ instead of _denied req_), some termination flags in the logs could be wrong, which is a shame because we use them for debugging, a TCP to HTTP transition was not properly handled, and the dispatch and http\_proxy modes were broken since 1.4-dev, but apparently nobody uses them anymore.

Some people will like the new halog, as it is able to report per-server stats on status codes, error ratios, average connection times and response times, which is very handy for quick checking of your prod's health.

The complete ChangeLog for **version 1.4.7** is [here](/download/1.4/src/CHANGELOG) and the sources are [here](/download/1.4/src/).

On a side note, someone asked on the list how haproxy would perform on a [Guruplug Server Plus](http://1wt.eu/articles/guruplug-slow-heater/). I ordered one a few months ago and finally received it. Well, it's a disaster, not only it is slower than the Geode, but it heats so much that metal parts hurt to the touch and power supplies fry after a few months. Definitely not something to buy. Check the full review on previous link if you're interested.
