---
title: "stable 1.4.5"
date: 2010-05-13
---

No reliability issue was reported since 1.4.4 was released. This is a very good thing, because some people were asking for a few minor features, so it was a good opportunity to get them merged without mixing them with fixes. The ChangeLog for **version 1.4.5** is [here](/download/1.4/src/CHANGELOG) and the updates are [here](/download/1.4/src/).

First, Cyril Bonté provided the new **ignore-persist** directive. it allows haproxy to ignore the persistence cookie on some requests which validate an ACL-based condition. It is particularly suited to optimise the load balancing of static or stateless objects in the middle of a stateful farm.

Second, it was planned 3 years ago to be able to feed ACLs with large data sets loaded from files, but it was still not implemented due to the lack of precise needs. Now, 3 years later, more and more people are reporting difficulties writing large configurations, and the last config I saw which was 104000 lines long convinced me that it was urgent to support this feature. But matching requests against very large datasets can be CPU intensive, so I have extended my Elastic Binary Trees to support new lookup methods and now it is possible to lookup a string or an IP address among tens of thousands in a few tens of nanoseconds. This means that **it is now possible to use haproxy to perform geolocation**. For instance, checking that a source address belongs to one of the 38400 european networks only consumes 2% CPU at 40000 requests per second.

The rest are just minor improvements. Tt's now possible to stick on an IP address extracted from an HTTP header, and I improved a bit more the halog analyser, which is now possible to report request counts by status codes. It also gained some nice performance boost as it can now parse about 1.3 Gigabytes of logs per second on a 3 GHz Core2.

I expect that this version will take some time to spread because it only contains new features and will likely not be backported to various distros. Still, some power users will probably interested in giving it a try.
