---
title: "stable 1.4.4"
date: 2010-04-07
---

Some people were experiencing optimisation issues with Tomcat and Jetty, with which it was not possible to perform client side keep-alive when the server received a "Connection: close" header. This is due to a strange design choice by which they decide the client is not interested in the response length if it intends to close after the transfer! Well technically that works... most often... Sometimes users may get truncated objects without being aware of that. Anyway, Cyril Bonté had a very smart idea for a workaround : pretend to the server we'll maintain its session alive while it's false. This fixed the problem, and is now available by adding **option http-pretend-keepalive** to option http-server-close.

Jetty's HTTP implementation seems to be the flakiest though. It even manages to send "HTTP/1.1 100 Continue" intermediate responses when the client sends "Expect: 100-continue", but it closes the connection just after that message, resulting in a 502 error for the client.

Cyril also fixed an issue with appsession where a cookie whose name begins like the appsession cookie could be mistaken for it. Those issues were enough to justify a new release.

Very few other minor fixes [were brought there](/download/1.4/src/CHANGELOG), and a minor feature was added. It consists in being able to bind to a source address found in a header when connecting to a server. Normally this will be the X-Forwarded-For header. This requires use of the Linux kernel TPROXY patches, and makes it possible for backend servers to see the initial client's IP even when several layers of proxies have been passed through.
