---
title: "devel 1.5-dev3"
date: 2010-11-11
---

Haproxy [1.5-dev3](/download/1.5/src/CHANGELOG) was released with everything that went into 1.4.9, plus some added bonus that were mainly developped at Exceliance, among which support for binding to UNIX socket on the accept side so that Haproxy can now receive connections over a UNIX socket. This is particularly useful when combined with stunnel, for which [a patch](/download/patches/stunnel-4.34-exceliance-aloha-unix-sockets.diff) is also available. The new [PROXY protocol](/download/1.5/doc/proxy-protocol.txt) was implemented in order to permit stunnel to forward transport-level information to haproxy, such as the protocol, source and destinations of an incoming connection, so that haproxy can make use of that everywhere internally (acls, logs, transparent, ...) instead of stunnel's address. The main advantage over the x-forwarded-for patch is that it now supports keep-alive and is not limited to HTTP anymore. When combined with the UNIX socket, it can make haproxy and stunnel integrate seamlessly and reliably, provided that [this patch](/download/patches/stunnel-4.33-exceliance-aloha-sendproxy.diff) is applied to stunnel. Stick tables can now learn from responses, which enables SSL-ID stickiness. And more importantly, stick-tables can now be synchronized in a multi-master fashion between multiple haproxy instances. Also, during soft-restarts, the new process learns the table from the old one so that restarts do not lose that precious information anymore. This tough task was the second half of the large work co-sponsored by [Exceliance](http://www.exceliance.fr/) and [LoadBalancer.org](http://www.loadbalancer.org/).
