---
title: "stable 1.4.13"
date: 2011-03-09
---

Many annoying bugs were discovered both when working on 1.5-dev and by users. Some headers were not correctly processed after removal of the last header (issue reported to the list by Stefan Behte), disabling a disabled proxy from the CLI could result in a segfault (reported by Bryan Talbot, fixed by Cyril Bonté), "balance url\_param" was completely broken on POST requests (reported by Bryan Talbot too), it is theorically possible to get HTTP chunk size wrong if only the CR is sent as the last byte of the buffer, waiting for the LF to wrap around in a subsequent packet, ACLs loaded from a file did not correctly close the file descriptor upon success (reported by Bertrand Jacquin), the recently added srv\_id ACL could segfault if the server is not known (reported by Hervé Commowick), rlimits were not correctly updated for listening sockets (reported by the loadbalancer.org team), the stats page in admin mode did not support multi-packet requests (fixed by Cyril).

1.4.12 was released with all those fixes, and Hank A. Paulson reported a crash with pattern files with empty lines caused by a regression introduced into 1.4.11 by a fix for correctly handling empty lines. So [1.4.13 was released](/download/1.4/src/CHANGELOG) a few hours later to avoid any issue.

I'd like to thank all of these contributors, because well-detailed bug reports are equally important as code contributions. Once again, all users of 1.4 are encouraged to upgrade in order to avoid boring troubleshooting of stupid bugs. This time I have added Sparc builds too, as there are still requests for those. As usual, please check [Changelog](/download/1.4/src/CHANGELOG), with [sources](/download/1.4/src/) and Linux [binaries](/download/1.4/bin/) at the usual places.
