---
title: "stable 1.4.11"
date: 2011-02-10
---
While working on keep-alive on 1.5, several issues were discovered, some of which were found to also affect 1.4.

For this reason, I preferred to delay the next 1.4 release to until 1.5-dev4 was complete but development has recently stalled, so I preferred to release [1.4.11](/download/1.4/src/CHANGELOG) anyway.

One bug is tagged as **critical** because it can cause a session to remain indefinitely upon certain conditions that are hard but not impossible to trigger when a server dies.

A bug in the ebtree code could cause stick tables to not always match arbitrary length keys.

Cyril Bonté has definitely fixed the http-pretend-keepalive option to correctly handle the situations where it was combined with httpclose or in tunnel mode.

Until now, it was common to see the client wait for the server to close the connection before returning, causing very bad performance.

Since all combinations were extensively tested, I think we should be OK now.

Some error conditions were fixed to report correct flags in the logs (eg: client aborts in the middle of HTTP trunking used to report chunking errors).

There was an issue with server connection error processing which prevented pending connections from being processed when maxconn was set to 1, because the current connection was counted in them.

The error capture from the stats socket is now also able to report incorrectly chunked data.

This helps troubleshooting faulty applications.

Also the error captures now include an error counter to ease processing with external monitoring scripts.

Joe Williams added a global "log-send-hostname" statement which makes it possible to pass the hostname field in the emitted syslog messages.

Other various minor improvements on the config parser were merged too.

With all that, all users of 1.4 are strongly encouraged to upgrade.

As usual, please check [Changelog](/download/1.4/src/CHANGELOG), with [sources](/download/1.4/src/) and Linux [binaries](/download/1.4/bin/) at the usual places.
