---
title: "stable 1.4.15 & 1.5-dev6"
date: 2011-04-08
---
Two annoying bugs were detected on 1.4 at Exosec, one week apart.

The first one limits the usable content-length to 32-bit on 32-bit platforms, despite the efforts made in the code to support 64-bit quantities everywhere.

It was then fixed in 1.4.14.

Yesterday, while working on the backport of 1.4 fixes to 1.3, I spotted that the patch to fix the issues with spaces in cookies that was merged in 1.4.9 introduced a regression due to a typo.

In some circumstances, a malformed header sent by the server can crash haproxy when cookie-based persistence is enabled.

Thus 1.4.15 was released as an emergency update to address this.

The bug has never been reported because it's extremely unlikely to appear, unless a server tries to provoke it on purpose.

In the mean time, 1.5-dev4 was released with a huge amount of fixes and architectural reorganizations (too many to list here), which were needed to continue the work towards server-side keep-alive.

1.5-dev5 enabled server-side IPv6 support and fixed a number of remaining bugs.

1.5-dev6 was finally released to address the last regressions reported on the list yesterday as well as the important bug above.

Now, everyone should have understood that all users of 1.4 >= 1.4.9 or 1.5 > 1.5-dev3 must upgrade.

Please consult the [1.4](/download/1.4/src/) [CHANGELOG](/download/1.4/src/CHANGELOG) and the [1.5](/download/1.5/src/) [CHANGELOG](/download/1.5/src/CHANGELOG) for more information.
