---
title: "1.5-dev22"
date: 2014-02-03
---

The whole polling system was finally reworked to replace the speculative I/O model designed 7 years ago with a fresh new event cache. This was needed because the OpenSSL API is not totally compatible with a polled I/O model since it stores data into its internal buffers. One of the benefits is that despite the complexity of the operation, the code is now less tricky and much safer. HTTP keep-alive is now enabled by default when no other option is mentionned, as it is what users expect by default when they don't specify anything and end up with tunnel mode. A new option "tunnel" was thus added for users who would find a benefit in using tunnel mode. After an HTTP 401 or 407 response, we automatically stick to the same server so there's normally no need for "option prefer-last-server" anymore. SSL buffer size are automatically adjusted to save round trips as suggested by Ilya Grigorik, reducing the handshake time by up to 3. The CLI reports more info in "show info" and now supports "show pools" to check memory usage. SSL supports "maxsslrate" to protect the SSL stack against connection rushes. The "tcp-check" directive now supports a "connect" action, enabling multi-port checking. Very few changes are pending before 1.5-final : ACL/map merge (being reviewed), HTTP body analyzer fixes (in progress), agent check update (started), per-listener process binding (experimentations completed). Source code is available [here](/download/1.5/src/).
