---
title: "1.5.7"
date: 2014-10-30
---
A nasty bug reported by Dmitry Sivachenko can cause haproxy to die in some rare cases when a monitoring system issues a lot of "show sess" commands on the CLI and aborts them in the middle of a transfer.

The probability to hit it is so low that it has existed since v1.4 and was only noticed now.

Cyril Bonté fixed a bug causing wrong flags to be sometimes reported in the logs for keep-alive requests.

A bug where the PROXY protocol is used with a banner protocol causes an extra 200ms delay for the request to leave, slowing down connection establishment to SMTP or FTP servers.

Christian Ruppert found and fixed a bug in the way regex are compiled when HAProxy is built with support for PCRE\_JIT but the libpcre is built without.

The way original connection addresses are detected on a system where connections are NAT'd by Netfilter was fixed so that we wouldn't report IPv4 destination addresses for v6-mapped v4 addresses.

This used to cause the PROXY protocol to emit "UNKNOWN" as the address families differred for the source and destination!

John Leach reported an interesting bug in the way SSL certificates were loaded : if a certificate with an invalid subject (no parsable CN) is loaded as the first in the list, its context will not be updated with the bind line arguments, resulting in such a certificate to accept SSLv3 despite the "no-sslv3" keyword.

That was diagnosed and fixed by Emeric, who also implemented the global "ssl-default-bind-options" and "ssl-default-server-options" keywords, and implemented "ssl\_c\_der" and "ssl\_f\_der" to pass the full raw certificate to the server if needed.

That's all for this version.

Nothing critical again, but we're just trying to keep a fast pace to eliminate each and every bug.

Code and changelog are available [here](/download/1.5/src/) as usual.
