---
title: "1.5.11, 1.4.26, 1.3.27, 1.3.15.14"
date: 2015-02-01
---
There was nothing really important for 1.5, mostly small annoyances caused by improper behaviours.

One of them was not exactly a bug since it used to work as documented, but as it was documented to work in a stupid and useless way I decided to backport it anyway.

It's the "http-request set-header" action which used to remove the target header prior to computing the format string, making it impossible to append a value to an existing header, or to have to pass via a dummy header, adding to the complexity.

Now the string is computed before removing the header so that there's no more insane tricks to go through.

One important fix targets users running on 1.5.10 : the addition of "log-tag" uncovered a bug by which we can run with a null logger if no logger is declared.

Since 1.5.10 (with log-tag), this could cause a crash upon startup, so this was fixed here.

On the 1.4 front, things had been stuck for several months due to the problems caused by "http-send-name-header" that managed to keep both Cyril and me busy for a while.

No less than 3 bugs in direct relation with this feature were fixed, two of them capable of crashing the process under certain conditions.

Another important bug in 1.4 was triggered when issuing "show sess" on the CLI.

Other fixes are not really important and were accumulated over 10 months.

Having 1.4 ready was a great opportunity to issue another 1.3, so 1.3.27 backports the relevant fixes from 1.4.

Considering that the last 1.3 was issued 3.5 years ago, I suspect that 1.3.27 will be the last 1.3 though it's still maintained 8 years the first 1.3 was issued.

1.3.15.14 was released with pending fixes as well and now **the 1.3.15 branch is closed and switches to the unmaintained state** after 7 years of fixes.

Note: when pushing 1.3.27, I was unfortunate to discover that git.haproxy.org and the public master Git repository went out of sync, both forking after 1.3.26, so **I had to perform a forced push** on git.haproxy.org to resync them.

Sorry for the inconvenience.
