---
title: "1.7-dev2, 1.6.4, 1.5.16, 1.4.27, 1.3.28 (EOL)"
date: 2016-03-14
---

After 3 months for the most recent versions and one year for the oldest ones, a new version was released in each supported branch. This also marks the last 1.3 release as this branch has now reached end-of-life almost 10 years after it was created.

A number of important bugs were fixed since last releases. Some of them impact 1.6 when using http-reuse (orphaned connections). A few Lua bugs were fixed as well, one of them causing a segfault and another one dead connections. Sample fetch functions were protected against misuse of layer 7 in tcp connection rules causing a segfault. And session variables could also be improperly used in connection rules with the same effect. For the less important fixes, some race conditions were addressed in the systemd wrapper possibly causing the orphaned processes some people were experiencing. In 1.5 there were two issues with idle keep-alive timeout handling on the server side, sometimes causing some short-time busy polling loops and sometimes causing a new incoming request to be aborted on a persistent connection (that browsers had to resend).

In 1.7-dev we've got the filters which introduce a number of hooks to plug some code in a more flexible way than analysers. The compression code was already adapted to use them. More to come later, possibly traffic shaping. The stats have been improved : now everything available in HTML is also available in the CSV output, and there is a new "typed" output format that is more friendly to aggregators. It is now possible to manipulate environment variables from within the config files, this will solve the problem people are facing when migrating to systemd since it doesn't allow reloaded processes to see changes in environment variables.

As it's been a long time for all versions, users are encouraged to upgrade. Code and changelogs are available [here](/download/) as usual.
